---
title: Time
tags: [Blog]
style: 
color: 
description: There is a problem with the concept of time
---

<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="{{ "/images/favicon.ico" | prepend: site.baseurl }}" >

This article is purely the opinion of the author.

## The problem is you think you have time
It's true, the problem is that you think you have time, and you don't. The truth is, we are all running out of time, very quickly. If I was to sit down in a room with you and ask you what you've done 
in these first thirteen days of August, aside school and work, would you be able to recite what you did? How about this, would you be able to tell me what you've done to plan for 
your future? Now, most people would say no, and that's completely okay, however there is less than one percent of people who can effectively organize their life and what they're planning for 
in their future. Why is this? Well, it's because the concept of time and how humans perceive it is taken for granted. We often value and favor short-term happiness that we 
lose touch with reality and don't value our future. Most of us have been reduced to a screen and a thumb, endlessly scrolling for hours upon hours just for repeated dopamine 
hits. If you're wondering why I'm bringing this up, it's because you need to take control of your time. Budget your time.<br />

Have you ever heard about the triple eight rule? If you have, feel free to click off this article, however if you haven't I strongly recommend you keep reading. The triple eight rule 
is simple, eight hours of hard work, eight hours of leisure time, and eight hours of good sleep. Now, this may sound simple and doable but it's not, so let me break 
down each section. Eight hours of hard work should be uninterrupted time you spend working on school and/or your job, but it should also include one to two hours spent on 
planning out your future and digging deep into your personality to find out what you are passionate about. Designate that time to invest into yourself and do everything 
you can to expand your knowledge on whatever it is that you are passionate about and how you can achieve it. Get off your phone. Next is eight hours of leisure time, this should be the time that you 
spend scrolling on TikTok, investing it into a hobby that you enjoy doing, and taking care of your personal hygiene! The last eight hours should be spent getting good 
sleep. Put your phone down, set an alarm, and play some white noise to help you fall asleep. The blue light emitted from your phone screen has been proven to have harmful 
effects on your eyes and actually keeps you awake, rather than helping you fall asleep. It is recommended all humans get at least eight hours of sleep to recharge for the next 
day, and even getting seven hours can lead to drowsiness earlier than you fell asleep the previous day, negatively impacting your circadian rhythm.<br />

Now, whether you feel like this article is a load of rubbish or not, just take some time to self-reflect, and if you suffer from a routine that is going to leave long lasting 
effects on your future, try out the triple eight rule. This is part one of a two part blog that I will update in the near future. For now though, take some time to yourself and 
really dive into your life to see if you are truly prepared for the future. Time is running out, and I thank you for the time you spent reading this article and I really do 
hope it helps you, even if you are succeeding in school or in your job.


<script>
document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function() {
    var attribution = document.getElementById("attribution");
    if (attribution) {
        attribution.style.display = "none";
    }
});    
</script>
