---
title: Friends
tags: [Blog]
style: 
color: 
description: My thoughts about friends.
---

<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="{{ "/images/favicon.ico" | prepend: site.baseurl }}" >

This article is purely the opinion of the author.

## My opinion on friends
Friends are like trees. Some friends are like leaves, they stay for a season, but will depart after a short amount of time. This is the most common type of friend, and 
they tend to come and go in a persons lifetime. Some friends are like branches, they stay for many seasons, but will eventually depart after some time as well. This is the second 
most common type of friend, and will stay for a while but leave during hardship. Some friends are like roots, this is the most uncommon type of friend, and the most powerful. These 
are the friends that will help you during hardship, and will essentially act as a ride-or-die. Hold onto these friends, as they will do everything they can for you.<br />

Now, why am I making this article? Well, I want everyone to know that friends will come and go, but it's important to avoid getting sucked into a toxic friendship. It is important 
to remember that you see yourself a certain way, but thousands of versions of you exist in the minds of others. To you, you may be the funny and energetic friend that 
adds livelihood to the friend group. To others, you may be the annoying and overzealous friend that they'd rather not conversate with. Regardless, it is important to be 
yourself no matter what. You will, someday, find the clique that you resonate with the most. It is important to recognize how people may react based on your interactions with 
them. Aforementioned, friends are like trees, identify how your friends act with you, and make the effort needed to avoid a potential toxic friendship that will just leave you more 
upset than if you cut contact right now. Obviously, not all friends are leaves or branches, and you should hold onto the friends that are roots.<br />

If you think leaving a friend group 
is hard, you're absolutely correct. Leaving people you've bonded with before will be hard, but it's apart of life. It will make you stronger. However, it is important you sever contact 
now if you don't think the friendship is healthy, rather than waiting and being more upset later on. It will be hard, but then you'll move on, build from it, and make more friends. Always 
keep your head up, and if you are experiencing a crisis or need immediate help, please call the Suicide & Crisis Prevention hotline at 988.<br />

Thank you taking the time to read this 
article, and I wish everyone reading this the best of luck in their future endeavors!


<script>
document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function() {
    var attribution = document.getElementById("attribution");
    if (attribution) {
        attribution.style.display = "none";
    }
});    
</script>
